I'm excited that you
could join me today!
Previously, you learned about
the importance of
various asset types.
You also learned about
the relationship
between incidents and events.
Now, we'll focus on
escalating those incidents
and events to the right people.
Protecting the
data and assets of
an organization is the primary
goal of a security team.
The decisions you
make every day are
important for helping
the security team
achieve that goal.
Recognizing when and how to
escalate security
incidents is crucial.
It helps ensure simple issues
don't become larger problems
for an organization.
Escalation is a term you
should familiarize
yourself with.
It's likely to resurface
often as you
continue your journey into
the security profession.
In the following videos,
we'll discuss incident
escalation from
an entry-level
analyst's perspective.
Then, we'll explore
various incident
classification types
and the impacts
security incidents
can have on business operations.
Finally, we'll share
some general guidelines
for escalating incidents.
Coming up, we'll start by
focusing on incident escalation
and how it can be
used to prevent
a seemingly small
issue from becoming
a bigger problem.
Let's get started!